{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16220\viewh16280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 2 assignments -- resume and online profiles?\
credill for resume formats\
\
Who looks at it: a non-tech person first, then someone with tech knowledge. ATS reader (applicant tracking system), parses resumes before anyone sees them. How to satisfy all three. \
\
Resume must be one page. The exception is extensive experience\
\
Eye test. Time spent on each resume's first pass: 7.4 seconds.\
\
Hyperlink all links. Can use icons. Portfolio site optional, but good idea.\
Standard format is ideal\
\
Eventually machines will be able to code\
\
You want to try to have as many tech skills listed in a project bullet. At least 80%. It's better to show people you actually have used it\
\
1) how do we break down tech skills?\
	languages, frameworks/libs, databases, tools (in that order). 		Make sure you list them all correctly\
\
Work exp list impact you made, not job desc. Quantify. Transferable skills problems solved\
\
PROJECT BULLETS\
Start bullets with power verbs. What, how, and why. \
[DID TECHNICAL THING] with [TECH AND TECH] for [TECHNICAL BENEFIT]\
\
This is practice for talking about your technical work.\
\
2 ways\
Relevant tech, relevant goals\
\
What kind of projects are going to demonstrate what passions you have in the industry\
\
Write down every tech you personally touched. Google each one, see the strengths to derive language of bullets. Domain knowledge\
\
 "In retrospect, we wanted to do a lot of __, so Python was the best choice"\
\
Looked up tech, used general knowledge of the strengths to make the bullet stronger.\
\
Pick up redux\
\
Cover letters are a way to display enthusiasm\
\
Next steps:\
Follow up email will be sent\
Goal is to put resume on google doc\
Send an email to ben when you're ready to have him take a look. \
Give it a shot!\
\
Narrative assignment is next\
Polish story. \
\
\
}